<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Профессиональный Владелец Продукта в Скрам</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<ol>
    <li><a id="notes_1">Ken Schwaber and Jeff Sutherland, The Scrum Guide (November 2017), 3.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_2">Schwaber and Sutherland, Scrum Guide.</a></li>
    <li id="notes_3">Ibid., 4.</li>
    <li><a id="notes_4">Ibid., 5.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_5">Ibid.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_6">Ibid.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_7">Ibid., 6</a>.</li>
    <li><a id="notes_8">Ibid., 7.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_9">Sandy Mamoli and David Mole, Creating Great Teams (Raleigh, NC: Pragmatic Bookshelf, 2015), 4–5.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_10">Schwaber and Sutherland, Scrum Guide, 7–8.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_11">Ibid., 6.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_12">Rachel Thompson, “Winning Supportyou’re your Projects,” MindTools, accessed February 28, 2018, https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newPPM_07.htm.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_13">Schwaber and Sutherland, Scrum Guide, 15.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_14">Ibid., 16.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_15">Ibid., 17.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_16">Ibid., 18.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_17">Ibid., 16.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_18">Ibid., 9</a>.</li>
    <li><a id="notes_19">Ibid., 10.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_20">Ibid.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_21">Ibid., 10–11</a>.</li>
    <li><a id="notes_22">Cover Your @$$.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_23">Schwaber and Sutherland, Scrum Guide,</a> 12.</li>
    <li><a id="notes_24">Ibid., 13</a>.</li>
    <li><a id="notes_25">Thanks to Ty Crockett</a>.</li>
    <li><a id="notes_26">Schwaber and Sutherland, Scrum Guide, 14</a>.</li>
    <li><a id="notes_27">Hirotaka Takeuchi and Ikujiro Nonaka, “The New New Product Development Game,” 1986, Harvard Business Review, January 1986, https://hbr.org/1986/01/the-new-new-productdevelopment-game.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_28">Schwaber and Sutherland, Scrum Guide, 15.</a></li>
    <li> <a id="notes_29">Meriam Webster’s, s.v. “increment,” accessed February 28, 2018, https://www.merriamwebster.com/dictionary/increment.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_30">Steve C. McConnell, Software Project Survival Guide (Redmond, WA: Microsoft Press, 1998).</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_31">Kent Beck, Mike Beedle, Arie van Bennekum, Alistair Cockburn, Ward Cunningham, Martin Fowler, James Grenning, Jim Highsmith, Andrew Hunt, Ron Jeffries, Jon Kern, Brian Marick, Robert C. Martin, Steve Mellor, Ken Schwaber, Jeff Sutherland, and Dave Thomas, “Manifesto for Agile Software Development” (2001), http://agilemanifesto.org/</a>.</li>
    <li><a id="notes_32">Mike Bria, “Craftsmanship—The Fifth Agile Manifesto Value?,” InfoQ, August 20, 2008, https://www.infoq.com/news/2008/08/manifesto-fifth-craftsmanship.</a></li>
</ol>
</body>
</html>