<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Профессиональный Скрам Владелец Продукта</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<ol>
    <li>Список литературы</li>
    <li><a id="notes3-1">Steve Denning, The Leader’s Guide to Radical Management: Reinventing the Workplace for the 21st Century (Hoboken, NJ: Jossey Bass, 2010), 57.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes3-2">New World Encyclopedia, s.v. “cargo cult,” accessed March 5, 2018, http://www.newworldencyclopedia.org/entry/Cargo_cult.</a></li>
    <li>“<a id="notes3-3">History,” Domino’s Pizza, accessed February 17, 2018, https://biz.dominos.com/web/public/about-dominos/history</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes3-4">Ken Schwaber and Patricia Kong, Evidence-Based Management Guide (2014), 4.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes3-5">Gallup, State of the American Workplace: Employee Engagement Insights for U.S. Business Leaders (2013)</a>.</li>
    <li><a id="notes3-6">Daniel H. Pink, Drive: The Surprising Truth about What Motivates Us (Edinburgh: Canongate, 2010)</a>.</li>
    <li><a id="notes3-7">Ralph is also a licensed Management 3.0 facilitator.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes3-8">“What Is Net Promoter?,” NICE Satmetrix, accessed February 17, 2018, https://www.netpromoter.com/know/.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes3-9">Schwaber and Kong, Evidence-Based Management Guide, 4.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes3-10">Gerald Marvin Weinberg, An Introduction to General Systems Thinking (New York: Wiley, 1975).</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes3-11">Schwaber and Kong, Evidence-Based Management Guide, 4.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes3-12">See Joel Spolsky, “Things You Should Never Do,” Joel on Software (blog), April 6, 2000, https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2000/04/06/things-you-should-never-do-part-i/.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes3-13">Jamie Zawinski, “Resignation and Postmortem,” March 31, 1999.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes3-14">Forrester, “IT Budget Planning Guide for CIOs,” October 2010.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes3-15">Karthick Arvinth, “VW Scandal: Carmaker Was Warned by Bosch about Test-Rigging Software in 2007,” International Business Times, September 28, 2015.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes3-16">Philippe Kruchten, “The (Missing) Value of Software Architecture,” Kruchten Engineering Services, Ltd. (blog), December 11, 2013, https://philippe.kruchten.com/2013/12/11/the-missing-value-ofsoftware-architecture/</a>.</li>
    <li><a id="notes3-17">David Medhurst, A Brief and Practical Guide to EU Law (Hoboken, NJ: Wiley, 2008), 203.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes3-18">Patrick Walker, “Self-Defeating Regulation,” International Zeitschrift 9, no. 1 (2013): 31.</a></li>
</ol>
</body>
</html>