<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Профессиональный Владелец Продукта в Скрам</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/Style0001.css" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<ol>
    <li><a id="notes_1">“The Stacey Matrix,” gp-training.net, accessed February 23, 2018, http://www.gp-training.net/training/communication_skills/consultation/equipoise/complexity/stacey.htm.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_2">Ken Schwaber and Mike Beedle, Agile Software Development with Scrum (Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall, 2002), 93.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_3">Elizabeth Palermo, “Who Invented the Light Bulb?,” Live Science, August 16, 2017, http://www.livescience.com/43424-who-invented-the-light-bulb.html.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_4">Bruce W. Tuckman, “Developmental Sequence in Small Groups,” Psychological Bulletin 63, no. 6 (1965): 384–99.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_5">Patrick Lencioni, The Five Dysfunctions of a Team (San Francisco: Jossey-Bass, 2002).</a></li>
<li><a id="notes_6">David J. Snowden and Mary E. Boone, Mary E., “A Leader’s Framework for Decision Making,” Harvard Business Review, November 2007, 69–76.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_7">It was called simple until January 2015.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_8">Oxford Dictionaries (American English), s.v. “analysis paralysis,” accessed March 5, 2018 (“Inability to respond effectively to a situation due to an over-analytical approach or to an excess of available information.”).</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_9">Ben Moseley and Peter Marks, “Out of the Tar Pit” (Feb. 6, 2006), https://github.com/papers-we-love/papers-we-love/blob/master/design/out-of-the-tar-pit.pdf (referencing Frederick P. Brooks, Jr., “No Silver Bullet—Essence and Accident in Software Engineering” [1986], http://worrydream.com/refs/Brooks-NoSilverBullet.pdf).</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_10">Ken Schwaber and Jeff Sutherland, The Scrum Guide (Nov. 2017), 3.</a></li>
    <li><a id="notes_11">Tharwon Arnuphaptrairong, “Top Ten Lists of Software Project Risks: Evidence from the Literature Survey,” in Proceedings of the International MultiConference of Engineers and Computer Scientists (Hong Kong: IAENG, 2011).</a></li>
</ol>
</body>
</html>